Review intro - Closes #486 (#508)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/setup.adoc

----
npm install lisk-sdk
----

> After completing all of the above steps, the Lisk SDK and and all required dependencies are installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successful completion of all the above steps, the Lisk SDK and and all required dependencies will be installed.
```
